VTEX IO policies from License Manager (#1038)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/vtex-io/Reference/concepts/vtex-io-documentation-policies/vtex-io-documentation-policies-from-license-manager.md

---
In order for a  VTEX IO app to access external resources, it requires authorization through policies declared in its [`manifest.json` file](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-manifest). One type of external resource available is the [License Manager resources](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/license-manager-resources--3q6ztrC8YynQf6rdc6euk3), which can be authorized to access by declaring the resource’s **Key** in the `policies` list of the app. For instance, by adding `Sku.aspx` to the `policies` list,  your app gains permission to read SKUs from the Catalog.

```json
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vtex/node-vtex-api/master/gen/manifest.schema",
  "name": "app-name",
  "vendor": "vendor",
  "version": "0.0.0",
  "title": "VTEX IO App",
  "description": "",
  "dependencies": {},
  "builders": {...},
  "scripts": {...},
  "policies": [
    {
      "name": "Sku.aspx"
    },
    {
      "name": "outbound-access",
      "attrs": {
        "host": "{{account}}.vtexcommercestable.com.br",
        "path": "/arquivos/favicon.ico"
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

> >ℹNote that License Manager policies are declared in a different way than outbound-access policies. While outbound-access policies require the explicit host and path for each resource, License Manager policies operate based on predefined roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ℹ Note that License Manager policies are declared in a different way than outbound-access policies. While outbound-access policies require the explicit host and path for each resource, License Manager policies operate based on predefined roles.
```

> 
> Below is a table listing the role-based VTEX IO policies for the License Manager resources. The table indicates which [Client](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-clients) the policy is associated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## List of policies

Below is a table listing the role-based VTEX IO policies for the License Manager resources. The table indicates which [Client](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-clients) the policy is associated with.
```

        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Master Data administrator</td>
      <td><code>ADMIN_DS</code></td>
      <td>Manage Master Data.</td>
      <td><code>masterData</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li><code>{{account}}.vtexcommercestable.com.br/*</code></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Vbase Read Only</td>
      <td><code>vbase-read-only</code></td>
      <td>Read-only access to VBase.</td>
      <td><code>vbase</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li><code>/buckets/*</code></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Vbase Read Write</td>
      <td><code>vbase-read-write</code></td>
      <td>Read and write access to VBase.</td>
      <td><code>vbase</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li><code>/buckets/*</code></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>List Orders</td>
      <td><code>ListOrders</code></td>
      <td>List all orders from the given account.</td>
      <td><code>OMS</code></td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li><code>/api/oms/pvt/orders</code></li>
        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> >ℹIf you know about a policy that needs to be described in the table and want it to be documented, open a request using our [feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmnotPvPjw-SjiE7lt2Nt3RQgNUe10ixXZmuO2v9enOJReoQ/viewform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ℹ If you know about a policy that needs to be described in the table and want it to be documented, open a request using our [feedback form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfmnotPvPjw-SjiE7lt2Nt3RQgNUe10ixXZmuO2v9enOJReoQ/viewform).
```
